Add docs for asset caching x-script usage (#61)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/users/assetcaching.md

Syntax: `x-block-origin`

Disables use of the original URLs in case the mirror does not have the file available.

#### `x-script`

Syntax: `x-script,<template>`

Dispatches to an external tool to fetch the asset. Within the template, `{url}` will be replaced by the original url, `{sha512}` will be replaced by the SHA512 value, and `{dst}` will be replaced by the output path to save to. These substitutions will all be properly shell escaped, so an example template would be: `curl -L {url} --output {dst}`. `{{` will be replaced by `}` and `}}` will be replaced by `}` to avoid expansion. Note that this will be executed inside the build environment, so the PATH and other environment variables will be modified by the triplet.

> ##### Examples
> 
> This [example](../examples/assetcaching-script.md) uses `x-script` to support a different source than Azure Blob Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [How to create an x-script Asset Caching source for NuGet](../examples/assetcaching-script.md) for a walkthrough using `x-script`.
```

Syntax: `x-block-origin`

Disables use of the original URLs in case the mirror does not have the file available.

#### `x-script`

> 

Reviewer: This should have a `Syntax:` line like the other two.

Dispatches to an external tool to fetch the asset. Within the template, `{url}` will be replaced by the original url, `{sha512}` will be replaced by the SHA512 value, and `{dst}` will be replaced by the output path to save to. These substitutions will all be properly shell escaped, so an example template would be: `curl -L {url} --output {dst}`. `{{` will be replaced by `}` and `}}` will be replaced by `}` to avoid expansion. Note that this will be executed inside the build environment, so the PATH and other environment variables will be modified by the triplet.

> ## Example

Reviewer: Markdown headers (lines beginning with `#`) are hierarchical -- this means that this example section needs to be
```suggestion
##### Example
```
So it's "under" the `x-script` section.

> ## Example

Reviewer: Considering the length of this example, I think we should split it out into a separate page underneath `Examples` and link to it from here.
